README.md, before:

## 👨‍💻 Profile

- 👋 &nbsp; Hi, I’m **Utsav Barnwal**
- 👀 &nbsp; I’m interested in **learning technical stuffs** and **building real-world applications**
- 🌱 &nbsp; I’m currently learning (mostly) **ReactJS** & **NodeJS**
- 💞️ &nbsp; I’m looking to collaborate on **some awesome JS or Android libraries**
- 📫 &nbsp; How to reach me? Take a look **https://utsav.pro**

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=u-barnwal&color=blue&label=Views:)

## 📈 Stats

<a href="#">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=u-barnwal&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=github_dark&bg_color=00000000&border_radius=6px&border_color=30363d" width="50.5%" />
</a>

<a href="#">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=u-barnwal&count_private=true&theme=github_dark&layout=compact&bg_color=00000000&border_radius=6px&border_color=30363d" width="42%" />
</a>

## ⚡ Technologies

#### Front-end
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)

#### Back-end 
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)

#### Databases
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

#### Query
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)

#### Style
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Ant-Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AntDesign-%230170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white)
![Material UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/materialui-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-ui&logoColor=white)
![Semantic UI React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Semantic%20UI%20React-%2335BDB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SemanticUIReact&logoColor=white)

#### Mobile Apps
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

#### Others
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)

#### CUI
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

#### Tools
![Microsoft Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Office-D83B01?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white)

#### IDEs
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)
![CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codesandbox-040404?style=for-the-badge&logo=codesandbox&logoColor=DBDBDB)
![Atom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Atom-%2366595C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=atom&logoColor=white)
![NetBeans IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/NetBeansIDE-1B6AC6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-netbeans-ide&logoColor=white)
![Sublime Text](https://img.shields.io/badge/sublime_text-%23575757.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sublime-text&logoColor=important)

#### VCS
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)

#### SaaS
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)

Commit message:

Update ReadMe: changes to Profile & add Work

README.md, after:

## 👨‍💻 Profile
Hi 👋  &nbsp;, I’m Utsav Barnwal a **passionate & professional Full-stack Developer**. In my working experience of 5+ years, I have worked with several clients and have architected & built 30+ scalable [projects](https://isolpro.in/portfolio) and published 15+ [open-source libraries](https://github.com/u-barnwal?tab=repositories). I love to learn and teach technical stuff. Want to know more about me? See my portfolio: https://utsav.pro
- 👀 &nbsp; I’m interested in **learning technical stuffs** and **building real-world applications**
- 🌱 &nbsp; I’m currently learning (mostly) **React Native**
- 💞️ &nbsp; I’m looking to collaborate on **some awesome JS or Android libraries**
- 📫 &nbsp; Reach me at contact@utsav.pro

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=u-barnwal&color=blue&label=Views:)

## 💼 Work
- I am currently employed with **[Proximity Tech](https://www.proximity.tech)**, a distributed team of like-minded people who love a good challenge and thrive in a culture of complexity and innovation.  
- As a contractor from Proximity, I am working with **[Cars24](https://cars24.com)**, a next-generation e-commerce platform for pre-owned autos (cars and bikes).
- In my free time, I take orders from my startup **[IsolPro](https://isolpro.in)** and build projects for clients from across India (and a few from abroad).

## 📈 Stats

<a href="#">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=u-barnwal&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=github_dark&bg_color=00000000&border_radius=6px&border_color=30363d" width="50.5%" />
</a>

<a href="#">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=u-barnwal&count_private=true&theme=github_dark&layout=compact&bg_color=00000000&border_radius=6px&border_color=30363d" width="42%" />
</a>

## ⚡ Technologies

#### Front-end
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)

#### Back-end 
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)

#### Databases
![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

#### Query
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![GraphQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GraphQL-E10098?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white)

#### Style
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Ant-Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/-AntDesign-%230170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white)
![Material UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/materialui-%230081CB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-ui&logoColor=white)
![Semantic UI React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Semantic%20UI%20React-%2335BDB2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SemanticUIReact&logoColor=white)

#### Mobile Apps
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white)

#### Others
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)
![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)
![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=yarn&logoColor=white)
![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)
![Gradle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradle-02303A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Gradle&logoColor=white)

#### CUI
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

#### Tools
![Microsoft Office](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Office-D83B01?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-office&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Invision](https://img.shields.io/badge/invision-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=invision&logoColor=white)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white)

#### IDEs
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Android Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Studio-3DDC84.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=android-studio&logoColor=white)
![CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Codesandbox-040404?style=for-the-badge&logo=codesandbox&logoColor=DBDBDB)
![Atom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Atom-%2366595C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=atom&logoColor=white)
![NetBeans IDE](https://img.shields.io/badge/NetBeansIDE-1B6AC6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-netbeans-ide&logoColor=white)
![Sublime Text](https://img.shields.io/badge/sublime_text-%23575757.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sublime-text&logoColor=important)

#### VCS
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/bitbucket-%230047B3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)
![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)

#### SaaS
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7)
